{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww12000\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Welcome to Ghost Trap
\b0 \

\fs22 Ghost Trap is a modified distribution of the GPL Ghostscript PDL interpreter secured and sandboxed using Google Chrome sandbox technology.  The objective of the project is to bring best-of-breed security to Ghostscript's command-line applications.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Ghost Trap is proudly supported by PaperCut Software {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.papercut.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.papercut.com/}} . \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 For more information about Ghost Trap, visit: \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/PaperCutSoftware/GhostTrap"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://github.com/PaperCutSoftware/GhostTrap}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720
\cf0 \
For more information about Ghostscript, visit:  \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ghostscript.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.ghostscript.com/}}\
\
For more information about Google Chromium sandbox, visit:\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dev.chromium.org/developers/design-documents/sandbox"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://dev.chromium.org/developers/design-documents/sandbox}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 Ghost Trap is distributed under the GNU Affero General Public License Version 3 and Copyright (c) 2012-2019 PaperCut Software International Pty. Ltd. Ghost Trap source code distribution, and the Ghost Trap executable code, include the following libraries obtained from other parties:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs16 \cf0 Ghostscript created by Aladdin Enterprises.  For more information, please see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ghostscript.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.ghostscript.com/}} and the LICENSE file in the GhostPDL project.\
\
The Chromium Sandbox Library created by The Chromium Authors.  For more information, please see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dev.chromium.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://dev.chromium.org/}} and the LICENSE file in the Chromium source directory.\
\
The Independent JPEG Group (IJG) library. The executable versions of Ghost Trap and Ghostscript are based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group. For more information, please see the file jpeg.mak in the main Ghostscript source directory, and the README file in the jpeg subdirectory of the Ghostscript source code.\
\
The PNG library created by Dave Martindale, Guy Eric Schalnat, Paul Schmidt, and Tim Wegner, of Group 42, Inc. For more information, please see the libpng.mak file in the main Ghostscript source directory, and the files readme.txt and png.h in the libpng subdirectory of the Ghostscript source code.\
\
The zlib library created by Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler. For more information, please see the zlib.mak file in the main Ghostscript source directory, and the README file in the zlib subdirectory of the Ghostscript source code.\
\
These libraries do NOT fall under either the GNU License; they come with their own licenses, which also allow free use and redistribution under appropriate circumstances and which appear in the files referenced just above. These libraries are entirely original works of their respective authors, and are provided "AS IS" with NO WARRANTY and NO SUPPORT.\
}
